OKTA-537533 Added copyrights and trademarks page (#3757)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/copyright/index.md

---

# This file controls the content shown on the /copyright page.

component: Copyright
title: Copyright and Trademarks

showBreadcrumb: False

sections:

- Copyright © 2022 Okta. All rights reserved.

- Okta has made all efforts to ensure that this guide is accurate.

- Okta Headquarters North America<br>
  100 First Street<br>
  San Francisco<br>
  CA 94105<br>
  USA

- Okta®, Auth0®, and the Okta® and Auth0® Logos are registered trademarks of Okta, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.

> - Okta's Terms of Service for its Intellectual Property <a href="https://www.okta.com/terms-of-service/" target="_blank">can be found here</a>.

Reviewer: We avoid referencing links as "found here" or "here". Does this work instead?

```suggestion
- See <a href="https://www.okta.com/terms-of-service/" target="_blank">Okta's Terms of Service for its Intellectual Property</a>.
```

Author: Fine with me. Changed

- <hr />

- Microsoft, .NET, and Azure Active Directory are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies.

- Google, Android™ platform, and Angular are trademarks or registered trademarks of Google LLC.

- Amazon is a trademark or registered trademark of Amazon LLC.

- Apple, the Apple logo, and iOS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.

- Java is a registered trademark of Oracle.

> - Python is a registered trademark of the PSF. The Python logos (in several variants) are use trademarks of the PSF as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python is a registered trademark of the PSF. The Python logos (in several variants) are trademarks of the PSF as well.
```

Author: fixed

- Facebook, React, and React Native are trademarks of META PLATFORMS, INC.

- Discord is a trademark of Discord Inc.

- GITHUB®, the GITHUB® logo design, the INVERTOCAT logo design, OCTOCAT®, and the OCTOCAT® logo design are trademarks of GitHub, Inc.

- Gitlab and the Gitlab logos (in several variants) are trademarks of Gitlab Inc.

- LinkedIn, the LinkedIn logo, the IN logo, and InMail are registered trademarks or trademarks of LinkedIn Corporation and its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries.

- Node.js and its wordmarks in plain text or logo form are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Node.js community.

- OpenID® is a trademark (registered in numerous countries) of the OpenID Foundation.

> - Paypal, and the Paypal logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Paypal, Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Paypal and the Paypal logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Paypal, Inc.
```

Author: fixed

- The PHP logo is available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International license.

> - Salesforce, and the Salesforce logos (in various forms) are trademarks of salesforce.com, Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Salesforce and the Salesforce logos (in various forms) are trademarks of salesforce.com, Inc.
```

Author: fixed

> - OASIS, SAML and Security Assertion Markup Language are trademarks of OASIS, the open standards consortium where the <a href="http://saml.xml.org/saml-specifications" target="_blank">SAML specification</a> is owned and developed. SAML is a copyrighted © work of OASIS Open. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OASIS, SAML, and Security Assertion Markup Language are trademarks of OASIS, the open standards consortium where the <a href="http://saml.xml.org/saml-specifications" target="_blank">SAML specification</a> is owned and developed. SAML is a copyrighted © work of OASIS Open. All rights reserved.
```

Author: fixed

- Spotify and the Spotify logos (in several variants) are registered trademarks or trademarks of Spotify AB.

> - Vue.js and the Vue.js logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Evan You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vue.js and the Vue.js logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Evan You.
```

Author: fixed
